full description of zerovm output.
(to remove after new zerovm return will be done)

THIS IS INTERNAL DOCUMENT AND WILL BE REMOVED SOON!

zerovm output describes zerovm states. the output consist of report and
return code. zerovm report is the set of fields (detailed description
can be found in doc/report.txt). zerovm return code is a number 0..255
which can be obtained upon zerovm termination

1. zerovm states
2. zerovm output


zerovm states
1.1. success. session not started
1.2. success. session started
1.3. failed. session not started
1.4. failed. session started


zerovm output
2.1. report
2.2. return code

report contains 2 fields about session state
- user return code. only valid for state 1.2. can have 0..255 value
- zerovm state description. 1.1. and 1.2. will always generate "ok".
  other states will generate different error messages

return code will always be 0 for states 1.1. and 1.2. non zero return
code means posix errno for error encountered during zerovm
initialization / finalization or session. there are 2 special return
codes: EINTR(4) - signal from untrusted side, ENOTTY(25) - signal from
trusted side.

UPDATE:
(plan how to change zerovm state output to help to debug user session)
- break 0..255 range into 2 sections. 1st section is for 1.1. and 1.3.
  states. and 2nd section is for 1.2. and 1.4. states
- create full list of errors describing zerovm states. list should
  contain error number (zerovm state error id), its short description
  and its long description with possible causes of error and solutions
- revise current ZLOG mechanism and ZLOG invokations to deliver as
  easy and exhaustive information about zerovm state (especially about
  session state)
  
draft of the zerovm errors list
(format: id. short description; long description; cause; solution;)
0. ok;
   successful termination. there were no fatal errors;;;
1. i/o error;
   there was fatal input / output error during zerovm initialization;
   channel cannot be opened;
   check manifest and file;
